.TH "DB_Table" 3 "9 Feb 2010" "Version 0.2" "WebApi" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
DB_Table \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__construct\fP (&$database, $tablename)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "& \fBgetLog\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBquery\fP ($sql)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBresult\fP ($res, $type='array')"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBescape\fP ($var)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBselect\fP ($fields= '*', $where= '', $conditional= 'AND', $options=array())"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBinsert\fP ($row, $options=array())"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBupdate\fP ($row, $where= '', $conditional= 'AND', $options=array())"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBdelete\fP ($where=array(), $conditional= 'AND', $options=array())"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcolumns\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBwhereStatement\fP ($where, $conditional)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBoptionsStatement\fP ($options)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$database\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$tablename\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 40 of file Table.php.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "DB_Table::__construct (&$ database, $ tablename)"Stores the database and table information.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIobject\fP &$database Parent \fBDB_Database\fP object to use 
.br
\fIstring\fP $tablename Name of the table to use 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 60 of file Table.php.
.PP
References $database, $tablename, and MAIN_Error::ERROR.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "DB_Table::columns ()"Returns an associative array of the columns for the table.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
array Columns and their descriptions 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 257 of file Table.php.
.PP
References query(), and result().
.SS "DB_Table::delete ($ where = \fCarray()\fP, $ conditional = \fC'AND'\fP, $ options = \fCarray()\fP)"Deletes information from a table.
.PP
The equivalent of a DELETE query, which is created from the parameters and submitted to the database.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIarray\fP $where Where to select information from 
.br
\fIstring\fP $conditional The conditional to put in between the WHERE statements 
.br
\fIarray\fP $options Other options to add to the query
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
bool Returns true on success, false on failure 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 242 of file Table.php.
.PP
References optionsStatement(), query(), and whereStatement().
.SS "DB_Table::escape ($ var)"Escapes strings and arrays for use in a database query.
.PP
If a string is given, it is escaped using the parent object's function. If an array is given, all keys and values are escaped using the same method.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fImixed\fP $var The variable to escape
.br
\fImixed\fP The escaped variable 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 119 of file Table.php.
.PP
Referenced by insert(), optionsStatement(), select(), update(), and whereStatement().
.SS "& DB_Table::getLog ()"Get the log object for the database.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
object \fBMAIN_Logger\fP instance 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 76 of file Table.php.
.SS "DB_Table::insert ($ row, $ options = \fCarray()\fP)"Inserts a row into the database.
.PP
The equivalent of an INSERT query, which is created from the parameters and submitted to the database.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIarray\fP $row The columns and values to add 
.br
\fIarray\fP $options Other options to add to the query
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
bool Returns true on success, false on failure 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 177 of file Table.php.
.PP
References escape(), optionsStatement(), query(), and MAIN_Error::WARNING.
.SS "DB_Table::optionsStatement ($ options)\fC [private]\fP"Takes a user-given array of extra query options and sticks them together for use in a query.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIarray\fP $options The database options
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string Returns a valid list of options 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 298 of file Table.php.
.PP
References escape().
.PP
Referenced by delete(), insert(), select(), and update().
.SS "DB_Table::query ($ sql)"Queries the database by using the parent object's function.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstring\fP $sql Query to be submitted
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
bool|resource Returns true or false for INSERT, DELETE, and other related queries. Returns a result resource for SELECT queries. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 89 of file Table.php.
.PP
Referenced by columns(), delete(), insert(), select(), and update().
.SS "DB_Table::result ($ res, $ type = \fC'array'\fP)"Obtains a result set from a result resource by using the parent object's function.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIresource\fP $res Result resource to get data from 
.br
\fIstring\fP $type The function to use to get the data
.br
\fImixed\fP By default returns an array, but may change depending on the $type. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 104 of file Table.php.
.PP
Referenced by columns().
.SS "DB_Table::select ($ fields = \fC'*'\fP, $ where = \fC''\fP, $ conditional = \fC'AND'\fP, $ options = \fCarray()\fP)"Selects information from a table.
.PP
The equivalent of a SELECT query, which is created from the parameters and submitted to the database.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstring|array\fP $fields The fields to select as an array or string 
.br
\fIarray\fP $where Where to select information from 
.br
\fIstring\fP $conditional The conditional to put in between the WHERE statements 
.br
\fIarray\fP $options Other options to add to the query
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
resource Returns a result resource to get query information 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 150 of file Table.php.
.PP
References escape(), optionsStatement(), query(), and whereStatement().
.SS "DB_Table::update ($ row, $ where = \fC''\fP, $ conditional = \fC'AND'\fP, $ options = \fCarray()\fP)"Updates information in a table.
.PP
The equivalent of an UPDATE query, which is created from the parameters and submitted to the database.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIarray\fP $row The columns and values to be updated 
.br
\fIarray\fP $where Where to select information from 
.br
\fIstring\fP $conditional The conditional to put in between the WHERE statements 
.br
\fIarray\fP $options Other options to add to the query
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
bool Returns true on success, false on failure 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 209 of file Table.php.
.PP
References escape(), optionsStatement(), query(), MAIN_Error::WARNING, and whereStatement().
.SS "DB_Table::whereStatement ($ where, $ conditional)\fC [private]\fP"Takes a user-given array of information and makes a SQL WHERE statement.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIarray\fP $where Where to select information from 
.br
\fIstring\fP $conditional The conditional to put in between the WHERE statements
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string Returns a valid WHERE statement 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 270 of file Table.php.
.PP
References escape().
.PP
Referenced by delete(), select(), and update().
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "DB_Table::$database\fC [private]\fP"The parent \fBDB_Database\fP object 
.PP
Definition at line 46 of file Table.php.
.PP
Referenced by __construct().
.SS "DB_Table::$tablename\fC [private]\fP"The name of the table in use 
.PP
Definition at line 52 of file Table.php.
.PP
Referenced by __construct().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for WebApi from the source code.
