.TH "MAIN_Logger" 3 "28 Jan 2010" "Version 0.2" "WebApi" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
MAIN_Logger \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlog\fP ($level, $callback, $message)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBexport\fP ($filename)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBERROR\fP = 256"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBWARNING\fP = 512"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBNOTICE\fP = 1024"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBINFO\fP = -1"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBDEBUG\fP = -2"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBUSER\fP = -3"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$log\fP = array()"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 42 of file Logger.php.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "MAIN_Logger::export ($ filename)"Takes the current internal log and exports it to a file before emptying it.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstring\fP $filename Name of the file to export the log to
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
int|bool Returns the number of bytes written, or false on error 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 140 of file Logger.php.
.PP
References MAIN_Error::ERROR, and log().
.SS "MAIN_Logger::log ($ level, $ callback, $ message)"Creates a logging message from the given parameters and adds it to the log.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIint\fP $level Level of the message (see the class's constants) 
.br
\fIstring\fP $callback Some identifier of what function caused the message to be logged 
.br
\fIstring\fP $message The actual message to be logged
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
bool Returns true on success, false on failure 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 97 of file Logger.php.
.PP
Referenced by export().
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "MAIN_Logger::$log = array()\fC [private]\fP"Stores the log itself, with a line for each array key. 
.PP
Definition at line 85 of file Logger.php.
.SS "const \fBMAIN_Logger::DEBUG\fP = -2"Signal for possibly important logging messages that will only be needed as a source for developers to debug if there is a problem. 
.PP
Definition at line 73 of file Logger.php.
.SS "const \fBMAIN_Logger::ERROR\fP = 256"Signal for extremely dangerous errors, usually resulting in termination of the script. 
.PP
Definition at line 49 of file Logger.php.
.SS "const \fBMAIN_Logger::INFO\fP = -1"Signal for important logging messages that are not errors, but denote important points in the script's execution. 
.PP
Definition at line 67 of file Logger.php.
.PP
Referenced by DB_Database::close(), DB_Database::connect(), DB_Database::getTable(), and DB_Database::query().
.SS "const \fBMAIN_Logger::NOTICE\fP = 1024"Signal for standard errors that may have an effect on the outcome of the script in certain situations. 
.PP
Definition at line 61 of file Logger.php.
.PP
Referenced by DB_Object::__construct().
.SS "const \fBMAIN_Logger::USER\fP = -3"Signal for any expected errors or messages caused by the user, such as keyboard interrupts, etc. 
.PP
Definition at line 79 of file Logger.php.
.SS "const \fBMAIN_Logger::WARNING\fP = 512"Signal for critical errors, creating unwanted results, though not necessarily requiring the script to be terminated. 
.PP
Definition at line 55 of file Logger.php.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for WebApi from the source code.
