.TH "MAIN_Error" 3 "9 Feb 2010" "Version 0.2" "WebApi" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
MAIN_Error \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__construct\fP ($level, $callback, $message, &$log)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetLevel\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetCallback\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetMessage\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBERROR\fP = 256"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBWARNING\fP = 512"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBNOTICE\fP = 1024"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$level\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$callback\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$message\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 37 of file Error.php.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "MAIN_Error::__construct ($ level, $ callback, $ message, &$ log)"Stores error information and logs the error.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIconst\fP $level One of the classes local constants defining error severity 
.br
\fIstring\fP $callback Name of the function creating the error 
.br
\fIstring\fP $message Message describing the error 
.br
\fIobject\fP &$log Valid \fBMAIN_Logger\fP instance 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 83 of file Error.php.
.PP
References $callback, $level, and $message.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "MAIN_Error::getCallback ()"Get the callback for the error.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string Callback for the error 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 119 of file Error.php.
.SS "MAIN_Error::getLevel ()"Get the level severity.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
int Code referring to the level severity 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 110 of file Error.php.
.SS "MAIN_Error::getMessage ()"Get the error message.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string Error message 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 128 of file Error.php.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "MAIN_Error::$callback\fC [private]\fP"Callback for the error. 
.PP
Definition at line 67 of file Error.php.
.PP
Referenced by __construct().
.SS "MAIN_Error::$level\fC [private]\fP"Level of the error. 
.PP
Definition at line 61 of file Error.php.
.PP
Referenced by __construct().
.SS "MAIN_Error::$message\fC [private]\fP"Error message. 
.PP
Definition at line 73 of file Error.php.
.PP
Referenced by __construct().
.SS "const \fBMAIN_Error::ERROR\fP = 256"Signal for extremely dangerous errors, usually resulting in termination of the script. 
.PP
Definition at line 43 of file Error.php.
.PP
Referenced by MAIN_Cache::__construct(), DB_Table::__construct(), DB_Database::__construct(), MAIN_Controller::boot(), DB_Database::close(), DB_Database::connect(), DB_Database::escape(), MAIN_Logger::export(), MAIN_Logger::log(), DB_Database::query(), DB_Database::result(), MAIN_Config::updateFromFile(), and MAIN_Config::updateToFile().
.SS "const \fBMAIN_Error::NOTICE\fP = 1024"Signal for standard errors that may have an effect on the outcome of the script in certain situations. 
.PP
Definition at line 55 of file Error.php.
.PP
Referenced by DB_Database::close().
.SS "const \fBMAIN_Error::WARNING\fP = 512"Signal for critical errors, creating unwanted results, though not necessarily requiring the script to be terminated. 
.PP
Definition at line 49 of file Error.php.
.PP
Referenced by OUT_Template::__construct(), DB_Database::connect(), DB_Database::escape(), DB_Database::getTable(), MAIN_Controller::initiate(), DB_Table::insert(), DB_Database::query(), DB_Database::result(), MAIN_Controller::send(), and DB_Table::update().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for WebApi from the source code.
