.TH "MAIN_Cache" 3 "9 Feb 2010" "Version 0.2" "WebApi" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
MAIN_Cache \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__construct\fP (&$config, &$session)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcanBeCached\fP ($action)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcacheExpired\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstoreCache\fP ($output)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetCache\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetCacheFilename\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$config\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$session\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 37 of file Cache.php.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "MAIN_Cache::__construct (&$ config, &$ session)"Stores the controller and configuration objects.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIobject\fP &$config \fBMAIN_Config\fP object 
.br
\fIobject\fP &$controller \fBMAIN_Controller\fP object 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 57 of file Cache.php.
.PP
References $config, $session, and MAIN_Error::ERROR.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "MAIN_Cache::cacheExpired ()"Determines whether the cache for this specific request has expired or not.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
True if it has or if it has never been cached 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 87 of file Cache.php.
.PP
References getCacheFilename().
.SS "MAIN_Cache::canBeCached ($ action)"Determines whether a given action can be locally cached.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstring\fP $action The action of the request
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
bool True if it can, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 75 of file Cache.php.
.SS "MAIN_Cache::getCache ()"Retrieves the cache for the current request, and returns it with a special footer.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string|bool False on error, the cache otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 122 of file Cache.php.
.PP
References getCacheFilename().
.SS "MAIN_Cache::getCacheFilename ()\fC [private]\fP"Determine the filename for the local cache of a specific request. Filename is simply the full URI including GET variables.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string Valid filename 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 138 of file Cache.php.
.PP
Referenced by cacheExpired(), getCache(), and storeCache().
.SS "MAIN_Cache::storeCache ($ output)"Stores the current request in a cache file. Writes the given HTML to a local filename for fast access later.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstring\fP $output HTML to be cached
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
bool True on success, false on error 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 106 of file Cache.php.
.PP
References getCacheFilename().
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "MAIN_Cache::$config\fC [private]\fP"Stores a valid \fBMAIN_Config\fP class. 
.PP
Definition at line 43 of file Cache.php.
.PP
Referenced by __construct().
.SS "MAIN_Cache::$session\fC [private]\fP"Stores a valid \fBOUT_Session\fP class. 
.PP
Definition at line 49 of file Cache.php.
.PP
Referenced by __construct().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for WebApi from the source code.
