.TH "MAIN_Controller" 3 "28 Jan 2010" "Version 0.2" "WebApi" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
MAIN_Controller \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__construct\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBboot\fP (&$config)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBinitiate\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsend\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcleanup\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetError\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBnewDatabaseObject\fP ($name, $protect=false, $parent=false)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$POST\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$GET\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$SERVER\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$action\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$cached\fP = ''"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$config\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$request\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$database\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$logger\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$cache\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$session\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$error\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 37 of file Controller.php.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "MAIN_Controller::__construct ()"Stores local copies of the POST, GET, and SERVER superglobals. 
.PP
Definition at line 115 of file Controller.php.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "MAIN_Controller::boot (&$ config)"Starts basic bootstrapping procedures before the request can be handled. Starts up the Logger and Database, and creates a Request object to handle the request.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
bool True on success, false on critical error 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 128 of file Controller.php.
.PP
References $config, $database, and newDatabaseObject().
.SS "MAIN_Controller::cleanup ()"Shuts down the database, logger, and configuration. If no error occurs, sends the output buffer to the client.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
bool True on success, false on error 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 226 of file Controller.php.
.SS "MAIN_Controller::getError ()"Get the error that occurred during the request.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
object|bool \fBMAIN_Error\fP object if there was an error, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 273 of file Controller.php.
.SS "MAIN_Controller::initiate ()"Calls the initialize function for the request class.
.PP
This function should start setting up the request, retrieving information from the database, getting templates from their respective files, etc.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
mixed Return value of \fBOUT_Request::initiate\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 168 of file Controller.php.
.PP
References $action.
.SS "MAIN_Controller::newDatabaseObject ($ name, $ protect = \fCfalse\fP, $ parent = \fCfalse\fP)\fC [private]\fP"Create a new database class definition with the given options.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstring\fP $name Name of the class to create 
.br
\fIbool\fP $protect Whether to allow password protection 
.br
\fIbool\fP $parent Whether to allow child objects 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 284 of file Controller.php.
.PP
Referenced by boot().
.SS "MAIN_Controller::send ()"Triggers the send function for the request. HTML will be loaded into the output buffer, but not sent until cleanup, in case of error. 
.PP
Definition at line 199 of file Controller.php.
.PP
References $cache.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "MAIN_Controller::$action\fC [private]\fP"The given action for this request. 
.PP
Definition at line 61 of file Controller.php.
.PP
Referenced by initiate().
.SS "MAIN_Controller::$cache\fC [private]\fP"The \fBMAIN_Cache\fP object for this request 
.PP
Definition at line 97 of file Controller.php.
.PP
Referenced by send().
.SS "MAIN_Controller::$cached = ''\fC [private]\fP"The cached request if available. 
.PP
Definition at line 67 of file Controller.php.
.SS "MAIN_Controller::$config\fC [private]\fP"The \fBMAIN_Config\fP object for this request 
.PP
Definition at line 73 of file Controller.php.
.PP
Referenced by boot().
.SS "MAIN_Controller::$database\fC [private]\fP"The \fBDB_Database\fP object for this request 
.PP
Definition at line 85 of file Controller.php.
.PP
Referenced by boot().
.SS "MAIN_Controller::$error\fC [private]\fP"The \fBMAIN_Error\fP object for this request should an error be encountered during the script. 
.PP
Definition at line 110 of file Controller.php.
.SS "MAIN_Controller::$GET\fC [private]\fP"Stores the $_GET variable. 
.PP
Definition at line 49 of file Controller.php.
.SS "MAIN_Controller::$logger\fC [private]\fP"The \fBMAIN_Logger\fP object for this request 
.PP
Definition at line 91 of file Controller.php.
.SS "MAIN_Controller::$POST\fC [private]\fP"Stores the $_POST variable. 
.PP
Definition at line 43 of file Controller.php.
.SS "MAIN_Controller::$request\fC [private]\fP"A subclass of \fBOUT_Request\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 79 of file Controller.php.
.SS "MAIN_Controller::$SERVER\fC [private]\fP"Stores the $_SERVER variable. 
.PP
Definition at line 55 of file Controller.php.
.SS "MAIN_Controller::$session\fC [private]\fP"The \fBOUT_Session\fP object for this request 
.PP
Definition at line 103 of file Controller.php.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for WebApi from the source code.
