.TH "MAIN_Config" 3 "9 Feb 2010" "Version 0.2" "WebApi" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
MAIN_Config \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetOption\fP ($option)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBputOption\fP ($option, $value)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBinsertPlugin\fP ($name, $filename)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBupdateFromFile\fP ($filename, $name= '')"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBupdateToFile\fP ($filename)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$options\fP = array()"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 36 of file Config.php.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "MAIN_Config::getOption ($ option)"Get a configuration option.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstring\fP $option Name of the option
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
mixed Option value, false if non-existent 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 51 of file Config.php.
.SS "MAIN_Config::insertPlugin ($ name, $ filename)"Helper function to insert plugins. Inserts the options of the given plugin configuration filename under the plugin_$name key in the global configuration.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstring\fP $name Base name for the plugin 
.br
\fIstring\fP $filename Full filename for the config file
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
bool True on success, false on failure 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 80 of file Config.php.
.PP
References updateFromFile().
.SS "MAIN_Config::putOption ($ option, $ value)"Stores a configuration option.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstring\fP $option Name of the option 
.br
\fIstring\fP $value Value of the option
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
bool True on success, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 63 of file Config.php.
.SS "MAIN_Config::updateFromFile ($ filename, $ name = \fC''\fP)"Load configuration options from a file, where each option has its own new line, and the option name is separated from the value with an '='.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstring\fP $filename Path to the configuration file
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
bool True on success, false on failure 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 93 of file Config.php.
.PP
References $options, and MAIN_Error::ERROR.
.PP
Referenced by insertPlugin().
.SS "MAIN_Config::updateToFile ($ filename)"Update a configuration file with the local configuration options.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstring\fP $filename Path to the configuration file
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
bool True on success, false on failure 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 118 of file Config.php.
.PP
References MAIN_Error::ERROR.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "MAIN_Config::$options = array()\fC [private]\fP"Configuration options 
.PP
Definition at line 42 of file Config.php.
.PP
Referenced by updateFromFile().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for WebApi from the source code.
